LTH

h1 - Lord master, I ask that you fulfil your promise to me by restoring me to health and healing my wounds. I thank you for doing this. 

h2 - Master, your servant is in pain. I thank you for healing me according to your promise in your word.

WEALTH

w1 - Dear father master, I know you have a perfect plan for my life. I will humble myself and obey only you. I claim your promise to reward those who give to you. Out of a small fish and bread you will feed multitudes and bring wealth. In your name I claim your promise to pass to the righteous the wealth of the sinner 

w2 - O most powerful Lord. I obey and follow only you. There are no other gods I worship. Because I am yours and believe all that you have ordained I claim your power and authority. I claim the riches you have foreordained that I may implement your will in the world 

w3 - Lord, Your Word says that You will liberally supply all of our needs, so I'm asking You to provide us with the money we need to fulfil your plan for our great nation of Gilead

DEATH

d1 - Despite walking through the valley of death I will fear no evil, for you are with me. Your rod and staff comfort me. I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.

d2 - Ashes to ashes and dust to dust released into the heavenly holiness we are but the scum of the earth

d3 - Disciple of Gilead unto God do we commit your spirit. May he say, you have taken a small coin and multiplied it one hundred fold. You have done well my good and faithful servant. 

BIRTH

b1 - Blessed be the fruit. I know that those who follow only you Lord will be blessed with a quiverful. Grant me many children and children's children that I may become a great nation as the sand on the seashore according to your will

b2 - O Father bless the Sons of Jacob with many children as you have done this day again. We praise you for your blessing. We have obeyed your laws and you have blessed us again. We ask for your help in teaching this child to obey and trust you.

b3 - Trust and obey for this is the only way to be happy. May this new child submit to your will and follow in the steps of the holy.

b4 - O master of creation give us a birth a healthy birth. You are sending us a soul from heaven that is our blessing. May there be many more to be fruitful and multiply. Blessed is the fruit the wealth of the womb

b5 - Blessed is the fruit of the womb may the Lord open it wide over and over. Bless our land with many children, many arrows that will defeat our enemies and subdue the earth with your power o great warrior Father

SIN

s1 - Blessed are the meek for your eye is on all. Forgive my sin of following other gods. Grant me mercy that I might spread your message in the world. Grant me grace that I might reproduce a great nation for you.

s2 - Forgive me for under your eye I have sinned. I am but dust and scum. A cockroach that lives in the dark. I will now seek your will and follow your commands that I might be blessed.

Ofred's prayer

I might throw her prayer into the mix as a glitch in the machine.

My God. Who Art in the Kingdom of Heaven, which is within. I wish you would tell me Your name, the real one I mean .... I have enough daily bread, so I won't waste time on that. It isn't the main problem. The problem is getting it down without choking on it.
