h1,"Lord master, I ask that you fulfil your promise to me by restoring me to health and healing my wounds." 
h2,"Master, your servant is in pain. I thank you for healing me according to your promise in your word."
h3,"I submit all you your plan to your healing"
h4,"blessed are those who mourn for you will heal"
w1,"Dear father master, I know you have a perfect plan for my life. I claim the rewarda."
w2,"I claim your promise to reward those who give to you."
w3,"Out of a small fish and bread you will feed multitudes and bring wealth."
w4,"In your name I claim your promise to pass to the righteous the wealth of the sinner" 
w5,"O most powerful Lord. I obey and follow only you. Reward the obedient"
w6,"I am yours and believe all that you have ordained I claim your power and authority."
w7,"I claim the riches you have foreordained that I may implement your will in the world" 
w8,"Lord, Your Word says that You will liberally supply all of our needs"
w9,"provide us with the money we need to fulfil your plan for our great nation of Gilead"
w10,"God make Gilead Great Again and Again"
d1,"I walk through the valley of death I will fear no evil, for you are with me"
d2,"Your rod and staff comfort me. I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever"
d3,"Ashes to ashes and dust to dust released into the heavenly holiness we are but the scum of the earth"
d4,"Disciple of Gilead unto God do we commit your spirit. You have done well my servant"
d5,"May he say, you have taken a small coin and multiplied it one hundred fold."
d6,"at the gate of heaven he says You have done well my good and faithful servant." 
b1,"Blessed be the fruit."
b2,"I know that those who follow only you Lord will be blessed with a quiverful."
b3,"Grant me many children and children's children that I may become a great nation as the sand on the seashore"
b4,"O Father bless the Sons of Jacob with many children as you have done this day again."
b5,"We praise you for your child. We have obeyed your laws and you have blessed us"
b6,"We ask for your help in teaching this child to obey and trust you alone"
b7,"Trust and obey for this is the only way to be happy. make this new child submit to your will"
b8,"o master of creation give us a healthy birth"
b9,"You are sending us a soul from heaven that is our blessing. May there be many more"
b10,"make me to be fruitful and multiply. Blessed is the fruit the wealth of the womb"
b11,"Blessed is the fruit of the womb may the Lord open it wide over and over. Bless our land"
b12,"bless our nation with many children, many arrows that will kill your enemies"
b13,"give us a quiverfull and subdue the earth with your power o great warrior Father"
s1,"Blessed are the meek for your eye is on all. Forgive my sin of following other gods"
s2,"Grant me mercy that I might spread your message in the world for I have sinned"
s3,"Grant me grace that I might reproduce a great nation for you for I have sinned"
s4,"Forgive me for under your eye I have sinned. I am but dust and scum. A cockroach"
s5, "I am but a worm that lives in the dark for I have sinned have mercy"
s6,"I have sinned I will now seek your will and follow your commands that I might be blessed"
o1,"My God. Who Art in the Kingdom of Heaven, which is within. I wish you would tell me Your name"
o2,"what is your name, the real one I mean"
o3,"I have enough daily bread, so I won't waste time on that. It isn't the main problem. The problem is getting it down without choking on it"
